- [Narrator] Before diving in to Spring Batch.
Let's review some of the basics of batch processing.
We'll talk about what batch processing is.
It's characteristics.
And discuss some examples.
If you ask most people to describe their
company's payroll system, they will most likely
describe something like the image we see here.
These users are accustom to interacting
with the user interface that accepts their
time entries in real time.
More technical individuals may describe
entering their time through a browser based
web application that stores their entries
in to a database.
What people forget to mention,
is the Batch Job that runs periodically
behind the scenes to process their
bi-weekly or monthly time sheets
allowing them to get paid.
This behind the scenes process is
essential for ensuring time entries are processed.
And their wages are ultimately deposited
in to their bank accounts.
Many industries execute these background processes
to complete essential business operations such as,
billing, transactions, statements and reporting.
In this course we will dive in to how to build
similar batch processes with Spring Batch on the JBM.
Batch processing has some key characteristics
that set it apart from other types
of technical solutions.
Such as, web or desktop applications.
Unlike a web or desktop application,
there is no human interaction with a batch job.
So there's no GUI.
Instead, they run behind the scenes on their
own as a process without interruption.
Batch jobs follow a typical pattern.
They consist of reading from a fixed data set,
like our time entries.
And then processing each item in the data set
until it reaches the end.
The processing that occurs for each item varies
for each batch job and the business operation
it's meant to complete.
It is common to execute batch jobs on a schedule.
Allowing the necessary data to accumulate
over a period of time between executions.
Once we have the necessary data for the period,
the job is triggered to perform the processing.
Let's take a look at some typical batch
scenarios to get a better understanding.
Reporting is a frequent use case for Batch.
Because it requires a set of data to be
collected over a reporting period.
And possibly aggregated as a complete data set.
In order to process and distribute report information
to it's recipients at the specified interval.
The batch job requires all data to be present
in order to create the report.
Imagine if you're monthly bank statement
were not batch processed.
In a real-time scenario you're statement
would either be incomplete for the month
or sent too frequently to provide value.
You wouldn't want to receive a statement
every time you made a transaction.
It's much easier to digest this
information on a monthly basis.
This makes Batch an ideal approach
for reporting scenarios.
Another frequent use case is the exchange
of information between systems
or within the same system.
Batch jobs can generate information to be
sent to another system or receive information
from another system for processing.
This will typically take place using a
pre-defined integration strategy
between the two systems.
Such as, SFTP, direct database connections or messaging.
These integration strategies can require
careful timing to ensure data is available
and up to date when necessary.
Batch jobs of this nature typically
follow an ETL pattern.
Receiving the data, validating it,
possibly transforming it and then
loading in to another data store.
So that is a quick look at Batch processing
in a few examples.
Throughout the course we will see how to
construct batch jobs with Spring Batch
that can perform the processing necessary
to power business operations for major enterprises.